README.md, before:

## Tool that helps more easier run apps in AWS Device Farm

##### Description
Did you try to run an app in AWS Device Farm via CLI or API? It was easy, right? Right now you can probably say ARN of your project after wake up in the middle of night.    
This tool helps to run apps in AWS Device Farm easier. You don't need to know ARN, because it's for machine, not for people.

##### Dependency

Only depends on AWS SDK. Install it via    
```
go get github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/...
```

##### AWS Credentials

Currently assumes that you will have credentials settled as environmental variables.   
```
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<key>
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<secret>
```
##### Running
Get it via    
``` 
go get github.com/artemnikitin/devicefarm-ci-tool 
``` 
   
Required launch parameters:   
```
devicefarm-ci-tool -project=name -app=/path/to/my/app.apk
```

Additional optional parameters:   
- ```region``` set S3 region, by default region will be set to ```us-west-2```       
Example:    
``` 
devicefarm-ci-tool -project=name -app=/path/to/my/app.apk -region=region-name 
```    
- ```devices``` specify name of device pool where app will be run      
Example:   
``` 
devicefarm-ci-tool -project=name -app=/path/to/my/app.apk -devices=my-device-pool
```   

You can specify parameter ```-log=true``` for logging AWS requests and responses.

##### TODO  
1. Ability to upload test apps 
2. Specify type of upload file
3. Ability to specify all parameters for a run
4. Alternative ways to authenticate in AWS

Commit message:

Start using aws-config for supporting different types of credentials

README.md, after:

## Tool that helps more easier run apps in AWS Device Farm

##### Description
Did you try to run an app in AWS Device Farm via CLI or API? It was easy, right? Right now you can probably say ARN of your project after wake up in the middle of night.    
This tool helps to run apps in AWS Device Farm easier. You don't need to know ARN, because it's for machine, not for people.

##### Dependency

Install it via    
```
go get github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/...    
go get github.com/artemnikitin/aws-config
```

##### AWS Credentials

There are two ways to specify credentials:    
- Set environment variables     
```
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<key>    
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<secret>
```     
- Specify user's ARN as a parameter. You can find ARN of your user in IAM user description.     
```
-role=arn:aws:iam::000000000:user/root
```

##### Running
Get it via    
``` 
go get github.com/artemnikitin/devicefarm-ci-tool 
``` 
   
Required launch parameters:   
```
devicefarm-ci-tool -project=name -app=/path/to/my/app.apk
```

Additional optional parameters:   
- ```region``` set S3 region, by default region will be set to ```us-west-2```       
Example:    
``` 
devicefarm-ci-tool -project=name -app=/path/to/my/app.apk -region=region-name 
```    
- ```devices``` specify name of device pool where app will be run      
Example:   
``` 
devicefarm-ci-tool -project=name -app=/path/to/my/app.apk -devices=my-device-pool
```   

You can specify parameter ```-log=true``` for logging AWS requests and responses.

##### TODO  
1. Ability to upload test apps 
2. Specify type of upload file
3. Ability to specify all parameters for a run
